Filipino language lacks the he-she
distinct pronounced it's only one in
Filipino sure that is why many Filipinos
sometimes get he and she mixed up little
bit confused
I like Ricky Martin her music is very
good also because Philippines is a
third-world social class even determines
the way you speak English the socialites
say words like promise forever correct
truth Khedira to death when I go to
Philippines I love watching TV and all
the funny advertisements Kuya germs in
there oh
Dondre use Head & Shoulders sky ahead
and scalp healthy 70 pesos LOM people
ask me why I am able to speak like this
and I tell them even though I was born
in Canada I used to speak like this when
I was very small I learned English from
my parents pero but ingrate poor I
learned to speak with a proper accent so
that I could fit in and the kids
wouldn't make fun of me but I never lost
it anyway there are 171 native languages